feat(semgrep): Support for OSS Semgrep SAST Findings (#2716)
cartography-cncf/cartography: docs/root/modules/semgrep/schema.md

### SemgrepSASTFinding::SecurityIssue

Represents a [Semgrep SAST](https://semgrep.dev/docs/semgrep-code/getting-started/) finding. This is a code-level security issue discovered either from the Semgrep Cloud Platform or from OSS Semgrep CLI JSON reports ingested via `--semgrep-oss-source`. Cloud findings come from the Semgrep Findings API. OSS findings come from explicit Semgrep OSS JSON report artifacts described in a repository mapping file passed to `--semgrep-oss-source`.

> > **Note**: The OSS Semgrep JSON report does not include repository identity. Cartography therefore requires `--semgrep-oss-source` to point to a repository mapping YAML file that declares the repository metadata and the explicit report artifact(s) associated with that repository. The mapping file must be valid UTF-8 YAML, must contain a top-level `repositories` list, and each repository entry must include `provider`, `owner`, `repo`, `url`, `branch`, and a non-empty `reports` list.

Reviewer: can we add the oss setup to `docs/root/modules/semgrep/config.md` too? this schema doc explains the graph shape well, but config.md is where users will look for "how do i configure semgrep ingestion." i think it should mention `--semgrep-oss-source`, say it points to a repository mapping yaml file, and include a minimal mapping + command example.

> > **Note**: The OSS Semgrep JSON report does not include repository identity. Cartography therefore requires `--semgrep-oss-source` to point to a repository mapping YAML file that declares the repository metadata and the explicit report artifact(s) associated with that repository. The mapping file must be valid UTF-8 YAML, must contain a top-level `repositories` list, and each repository entry must include `provider`, `owner`, `repo`, `url`, `branch`, and a non-empty `reports` list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: The OSS Semgrep JSON report does not include repository identity. Cartography therefore requires `--semgrep-oss-source` to point to a repository mapping YAML file. See more in the [Semgrep config](./config.md#oss-semgrep-configuration)
```
btw `./config.md#oss-semgrep-configuration` is a same directory link with a fragment so it will take them straight to setup

The schema should be intentionally light about setup related stuff

>
> Example repository mapping file:
> ```yaml
> repositories:
>   - provider: "github"
>     owner: "simpsoncorp"
>     repo: "sample_repo"
>     url: "https://github.com/simpsoncorp/sample_repo"
>     branch: "main"
>     reports:
>       - "s3://security-artifacts/semgrep/sample_repo/main.json"
>   - provider: "github"
>     owner: "different-org"
>     repo: "different-repo"
>     url: "https://github.com/different-org/different-repo"
>     branch: "main"
>     reports:
>       - "gs://security-artifacts/semgrep/different-repo/job-1.json"
>       - "gs://security-artifacts/semgrep/different-repo/job-2.json"
> ```

> >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
lets remove this, already in config.md

> > Each `reports` entry must point to exactly one Semgrep OSS JSON artifact for the repository it is nested under. Cartography treats one repository entry as the intended snapshot for that repository in the current run. If all listed reports for a repository are successfully processed, Cartography runs cleanup for stale OSS findings scoped to that repository URL. If any listed report for that repository fails to resolve, fails to parse, or is not Semgrep-shaped, Cartography skips cleanup for that repository to avoid deleting findings from an incomplete snapshot.

Reviewer: this is mostly clear, but i'd make the single-artifact behavior explicit for monorepo/sharded scans. something like: "for sharded or monorepo scans, list each generated json artifact separately; a `reports` entry must not be a directory or object-store prefix containing multiple json files." that makes it even more clear for that use case.

> > Each `reports` entry must point to exactly one Semgrep OSS JSON artifact for the repository it is nested under. For sharded or monorepo scans, list each generated JSON artifact separately under `reports`; a `reports` entry must not be a directory or object-store prefix containing multiple JSON files. Cartography treats one repository entry as the intended snapshot for that repository in the current run. If all listed reports for a repository are successfully processed, Cartography runs cleanup for stale OSS findings scoped to that repository URL. If any listed report for that repository fails to resolve, fails to parse, or is not Semgrep-shaped, Cartography skips cleanup for that repository to avoid deleting findings from an incomplete snapshot.

Reviewer: lets move this to config.md
